welcome to the man of recaps this is the
walking dead season 10.
at the end of season 9 alpha showed our
group the gigantic zombie horde that her
people the whisperers are controlling
she threatened to unleash it on them if
they cross into her territory and she
marked the border with heads on pikes
yes a couple of big characters in there
including stick boy henry carol's
adopted son devastating so now some of
the gang wants to fight back but they
just can't risk it when she has that
gigantic zombie horde general aaron
starts training the troops though and
now that it's almost a decade after the
zombie apocalypse there's no bullets
left they gotta get medieval yes aaron's
come a long way remember i called him
nerdy justin timberlake when we met him
in season five but now he's grown out to
sexy apocalypse beard and one of his
arms is literally a medieval weapon now
one day the status quo gets shaken up
when an old satellite crashes nearby
they have to cross into the whispers
territory to put out the fire but no
whisperers show up
in fact no one's seen any in a while
daryl and carol go to check it out and
the zombie horde's not there anymore
guess the whisperer's moved on but no
such luck cause alpha's there watching
them yeah the horde's not gone she just
moved it
whoops alpha's like look i understand
you had to put out the fire i won't
unleash the horde just for that but more
walkers than usual do start showing
up any small group of walkers is no
problem but when they keep coming in
small groups over 48 hours it's
exhausting other weird things start
happening like a tree falls on hilltop
it's like wait was that the whispers or
just a coincidence but most people are
starting to think it's the whisperers
and unrest grows in the communities
silence the whispers graffiti everywhere
the main target of this whisperer hate
is lydia alpha's daughter which is super
unfair because she turned against the
whispers to help our group last season
so lydia befriends another outcast
mr negan yes for good behavior he's
allowed out of his cell these days and
much like he befriended judith last
season now he befriends lydia becomes
her uncle negan so one night when a
couple of bullies come to kill hydia
it's uncle negan to the rescue
unfortunately he pushed this one woman a
little too hard oh she's dead that
definitely violates his parole
even with lydia vouching for him the
council still votes to execute him but
before they can someone let negan out of
his cell
yes the negan is friggin he rolls up to
alpha like yo they were going to execute
me so the enemy of my enemy and all that
and so negan
joins the whisperers it's not a great
fit for him though negan talks
constantly he's not getting the whole
whispering thing now back at alexandria
we've got the baby crew it's rosita's
baby and sadiq's father from when they
were dating but now she's dating father
gabriel and eugene has a huge crush on
rosita so he's part of the crew too it's
a big happy post-apocalyptic family
sedito is dealing with some serious ptsd
you remember the whispers made him watch
as they chopped off everyone's heads for
the pikes luckily there's a new doctor
in town to help out this nice funny guy
dante but when a whole bunch of people
come down with a bad stomach bugs that
he can't handle the pressure he freaks
out and jumps in the river hello
darkness being in the water makes him
think maybe the water was the problem
and indeed somehow the drinkable and
undrinkable water got switched sadiq
blames himself for being so out of it
lately but his new best friend dante's
like hey man don't worry everyone makes
mistakes but just then dante does his
little tongue click tick and boom sadiq
remembers that one of the whisperers
that held him had that same tick
yes dante is an undercover whisperer
unfortunately sadiq has no poker face so
dante knows something up and they have
to fight and dante kills sadique
just then rosita shows up and dante also
has no poker face so she knows something
up and stabs him just then zombie city
wakes up and goes to eat his baby so
rosita's gotta put him down
a traumatizing experience all around
father gabriel normally the voice of
mercy is like yo you put my girl rosita
in danger no mercy for you
stabs him multiple times so michonne
goes over to ocean's side like hey watch
out for any new people because they
might be undercover whisperers but just
then a new person shows up his name is
virgil and he's like yo i'm not a
whisper i just need to borrow a boat to
get back to my family apparently they
live in an island that's an old naval
base that might have big weapons to help
fight the whisperers so michonne's going
for a boat ride with him
long story short though virgil's crazy
and there are no weapons here but she
does find a phone with a portrait of her
and judith scratched into it
rick grimes was here what kind of crazy
adventure has he been on where he's
learned japanese
so michonne says goodbye to her adopted
daughter judith and her and rick's son
rj rick jr who's super cute she creates
some new zombie bodyguards like when we
first met her and michonne leaves the
show to go find rick grimes she does
find a giant convoy of people what's
that about well maybe find out in the
rick crimes movies now over at the
border aaron goes back in a nice guy
mode to befriend the whisper station
there who has just dubbed gamma long
story short he eventually gets through
to her and she's like yeah no the
whispers suck like let me help you guys
out she tells them where the horde is
hidden so a bunch of our crew goes out
to find it tagging along is a bunch of
this new group yes it looks like they're
sticking around so i had to finally
learn their names
magna is the hot-headed wild one yumiko
is the cool level-headed one and these
two are in fact dating their plot this
season is they have a big fight but by
the end they make up you remember luke
the music nerd who starts a romance with
a girl from oceanside but the most green
time goes to deaf girl connie and her
sister kelly who's unfortunately losing
her hearing too
and a romance is blooming with connie
and our boy daryl yes he's learning sign
language for her
they're real cute also cute is the best
friendship between carol and daryl who i
believe are the last characters from
seasons one through
three still on the show oh i guess
judith technically counts though she was
a baby anyway carol's been in a real bad
way since henry's death she tries to
isolate herself breaking up with king
ezekiel ezekiel also in a real bad head
space after henry's death plus remember
last season the kingdom finally fell
plus he's also dying of cancer so real
bad time for him but carol's need for
vengeance on alpha has led her to make
some bad decisions that have put her
life and the whole group at risk
darryl's like yo girl i understand but
please try to be smarter so when they
get to the zombie horde spot
unfortunately it's not there but alpha
is there and carol throws caution to the
wind chases right after her they follow
her into an abandoned mine shaft where
will they fall down good news they found
where she moved the zombie horde
bad news they're trapped in here with it
just as they find their way out carol
tries to use of dynamite to blow up the
horde and it doesn't kill any zombies
but it does cause a cave in
trapping magna and connie carol tries to
apologize for making another reckless
decision and for daryl it's starting to
get old but now it is time alpha's going
to unleash the horde
remember her right-hand man is this
giant guy beta who by the way
is a monster but her left-handed man is
the new recruit whisperer negan he's
full of great advice for from his
experience running his own evil cult and
alpha takes liking to him in fact one
day she's like hey so wanna bang negan's
like well it has been a while i'm in um
you're gonna take the zombie mask off
though right but nope the zombie mask is
staying on and oh
that just happened but now the battle of
hilltop is upon us and the show goes
full game of thrones as they put their
medieval training to the test and it
works pretty well our gang is really
good at killing zombies but to save the
whisper's first rodeo they launch the
flammable tree sap and whole light
hilltop on fire
so the battle rages within the walls
flames all around even little judith is
fighting she's an expert zombie slayer
but when she stabs a whisper she's never
killed a person before gotta deal with
that and though they fought valiantly
hilltop is lost they have to retreat
after the battle lydia runs into her
uncle negan but oh he's working for her
evil mom now yes alpha wants to kill her
to prove something to herself i have to
kill her because i love her so negan
leads her to the shack and lydia's
trying to untie herself she manages to
escape but what it's a different shack
wait a second what's negan up to
oh negan kills alpha sorry girl you're
kind of hot in a freaky way but you two
evil i gotta put you down
in fact negan delivers alpha's head to
the person who released him from his
cell
exactly for this purpose it's carol yes
this was carol's master plan and she
finally got her revenge they made a deal
if negan killed alpha she'd vouch for
him to be part of the group for real and
so while many of our crew will never
forgive negan they have to at least
admit he's on their side for now as for
lydia killing her evil abusive mom
brings up a lot of mixed emotions but it
brings her and uncle negan closer
together but
the threat of the whisperers is not over
because beta is still here
he's got a half-crush half-cult like
worship of alpha going and he is full
crazy he decides to play one of his old
records yesterday's albedo was a big
time country music star before the
apocalypse so he puts on a final concert
to reunify the dispersed zombie horde
and now he's leaving it with his new
zombie mask of half
alpha face he actually marches it right
into alexandria with no resistance our
group evacuated to a more defensible
location but soon he tracks them down
there too and it's the final battle
against the whisperers
our crew's got to sneak through the
horde to fight him and if you find a
whisper you gotta have a super intense
low-key quiet fight cause if you shout
out
you get eaten inside its father gabriel
holding the door
making his last stand looks like he's
gonna die but oh saved at the last
minute by a crazy ninja guy in a mask
what
turns out he's a friend of maggie yes
she's back on the show
remember she left to go work with
georgie and the sunglass twins but the
gang managed to get a message to her i
guess like hey this whispers are a big
problem we need your help so out in the
horde our crew is proving they can be
just as stealthy and deadly as the
whisperers and it comes down to the big
showdown between beta
and negan who hooked up with then killed
his crush alpha but just as he's gonna
kill negan oh daryl comes in
double knives to the face and beta is
dead so now without the whispers
shepherding it carol's able to herd the
horde over to a cliff yes with her quest
for vengeance complete she's now gonna
sacrifice herself to save the group but
she's grabbed at the last minute by
lydia who's like hey the zombies are on
autopilot now like you don't need to
jump too
and so the massive zombie horde is
pulling the lemmings off the cliff lydia
symbolically tosses her mother's mask
and the threat of the whisperers is over
our group made it out mostly unscathed
no major character deaths except sadiq
in fact we're plus a major character
because now maggie's back plus magnus
survived yes she made it out of the cave
by blending in with the horde and connie
made it out too though she hasn't met up
with our group yet she just meets up
with virgil but we're not done yet
because eugene subplot has just become
the main plot yes he tinkered with the
radio to give it longer range and he's
been trying to reach out fine to the
communities one day someone answers him
and not just anyone it sounds like a hot
girl for safety they don't disclose much
information but they do strike up a
radio romance so much so in fact eugene
finally gets over his 10-year crush on
rosita when things were getting bad with
the whispers he's like hey girl can we
meet up cause we might need your help
and eugene's got a date
ezekiel and yumiko come along as
chaperones and they travel through
pittsburgh where we get this big shot
reminiscent of season one but someone in
the city has been having way too much
fun playing dress-up tea party with the
zombies
turns out it is our zany new character
who goes by princess
she's overly friendly and talkative
definitely a little bit crazy but
ultimately a real good person just happy
to have some living friends again so she
joins the booty call crew but when they
get to the rendezvous eugene's lady love
is not here but what's this oh it was a
trap and they're surrounded by literal
stormtroopers what
what crazy new group is this and that's
where season 10 comes to an end
or it would have been except because of
covet filming delays we got six bonus
episodes that were unfortunately mostly
boring pointless filler a few things
happen though we meet maggie and glenn's
son herschel
always a little baby glenn she's been
having problems with a group called the
reapers so watch out for that and it
sets up her confrontation with
negan yes the man who brutally bashed
her husband's head in is now walking
free and accepted part of the group
needless to say maggie is not happy
about that
in fact we got an episode of negan's
backstory where we met his real-life
wife lucille turns out though she was
dying of cancer and it's a
heart-wrenching story that as you might
imagine ends in tragedy and it sent
negan down a dark path turning him into
the brutal killer we knew leading the
saviors and so that's where the walking
dead season 10 comes to an end
if you like this recap hit that
subscribe button for more of the best
recaps of tv and movies and if you love
this recap check out the join button and
support the channel as a member